all right we have just decided stick an
impromptu trip to the desert and go
spend the night there in Joshua Tree
let's introduce to you what our friend
Zack hello sorry so guys yeah Joshua
Tree okay we gotta find all the tents
and sleeping bags the last time we use
those we went to a ghost town where
we're going to straight out to the
desert it's gonna be so cold
yeah it took three hours to get there we
literally just decided to do this yeah
it's right here what do you want a real
active question are we bringing our
toothbrushes oh okay maybe have ladies
you have to bring smart food yeah yeah
let's go then alright we're on our way
to Joshua Tree very very impromptu last
second it's three and a half hours away
let's leave Thomas why are we even
waiting all right so we're not even
going over go straight to the food store
[Music]
don't blame it on me he you pick like
half of this stuff well just why all you
don't know it'll be fine
That's not me that's you oh my god all
the junk all we wanted bananas and like
your luggage like we wanted like raw
peanut butter in Amar's egg no let's get
sea salt and cheese it we got so much
food but we're gonna eat it all did we
mention why we're going to Joshua Tree
no mattress during twenty five years old
this weekend and we just asked us do you
guys want to go to Joshua Tree and it
was 9:30 p.m. right now it's like 10:00
like almost 11:00 ever you loved Venice
yet
[Music]
all right so it smells like feet really
bad in here and we thought it was ours
but it's not it's
[Music]
we just made it to Joshua Tree it's
currently 133 am hopefully it's open
it's gonna be interesting like waking up
in the morning having no idea what that
like the terrain is yeah baby
[Music]
nowhere
it's probably snakes and
ranches are your thoughts I'm the only
one who's scared so we made the big
mistake we spent an hour packing and not
a single one of us started bringing
inflatable mattresses that we have which
is good its nature it's wrong all right
we've gotta set up the tent but we're
pretty tired the trunk open dude what if
we look back and there was somebody
going to our stuff I would just imagine
this it's freaking me out
I think right here's good good start
building yeah
all right well we're about to go to bed
now where's the other sleeping bags mine
is there
what other sleeping bags I think yeah
sorry
there's some Leafs and stuff you didn't
get everything you didn't get it dude
you didn't get everything out of there
do you guys need warm milk and apple
sauce right now oh forgot that your
teddy bear we just got here dude I'm
with you well
[Music]
boy
so God
your bet hey this is just some
[Music]
she just
all right it's 7:00 a.m. and we are
heading home back to Venice how was that
for a 25th birthday morning Matt I can't
imagine a better morning
today's my birthday party if you've seen
math inviting 25 strangers to his
birthday party that happened tonight so
we're just aired episodes a different
order
12 shots in a [ __ ] missing man
boy boy